"I understand computers… systems. Problems. But this… I wonder if I’ll ever understand." — Kwon Tae-young
"Everything that glitters isn't gold. But gold isn't worth a damn in this place, so this should come in handy." — Ace Visconti
"A Mercy that Rips the Storm.Oil work to honour my best buddies who happen to be the best musicians I know. Their first album is still my favourite. It got me through a dark time in my life." — Jeff, oil on canvas, 16x16
"I have true sight," — Feng Min
"I'll hit you with everything I've got. Then I'll do it again." — Yui Kimura
"Without the fences, this place is worthless." — Rick Grimes
"There's no limit to what you can achieve, as long as you back with hard work." — Adam Francis
"I promised to keep you shitheads safe, and that's exactly what I plan on doing." — Steve Harrington
"You forget about me?" — Renato Lyra
"Never tell me the odds." — Dustin Henderson
"I have jumped from higher places." — Nea Karlsson
"Listen closely! I'm about to save your life!" — Aestri
"Let's burn that lab to the ground." — Nancy Wheeler
"I can do this." — Leon Scott Kennedy
"You want S.T.A.R.S.? I'll give you S.T.A.R.S.!" — Jill Valentine
"Just gotta... push through!" — Renato Lyra
"Buck and Wild,Swing to be free,Your hands just can't keep ahold of me." — Kate Denson's "Boil Over"
"We have to work as a team, I need you to survive so that I can survive!" — Dwight Fairfield
"Try this, it is better than anything you'll find in a pharmacy." — Mikaela Reid
"It is not our time to die... probably." — Jonah Vasquez
"A shift in reality. Heavy with hidden meanings." — Return
"Stick to the shadows and cover your tracks." — Mikaela Reid
"Probably stings like hell, but it ain't gonna kill ya. Up and at 'em soldier. Time to move!" — Bill Overbeck
"Basic Botany Knowledge could save your life someday" — Claudette Morel
"Charge from the Belly of the Beast.Here's a sketch/painting on a piece of wood I saw by the side of this road. I felt like it got a story to tell. And it didn't waste its second chance." — Jeff, ink and oil wash on slice of wood, 12x16
"Come, we are going to rip our way out of this." — Yui Kimura
"Ghost beaters never leave a man behind." — Ash Williams
"Architecture is the soul of civilisation." — Felix Richter
"So, remember once you get in there... pretend like you don't care. There you go, you're learning my friend. You're learning." — Steve Harrington
"I squeezed the Flashlight like my life depended on it, willing it to stop coming any closer." — Departure
"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god." — Dustin Henderson
"How do we kill it, Ash?" — Ellen Ripley
"Does anyone else see that? Just me?" — Mikaela Reid
"I'll be fine! Don't stick your neck out for me." — Taurie Cain
"We're the ones who live." — Rick Grimes
"It's enough to keep going. Keep trying. Keep fighting. Keep dreaming." — Michonne Grimes
"Cannot hurt to have another set of eyes on the problem." — Jonah Vasquez
"I don't mind a little detective work." — Jill Valentine
"The witness has said enough, Your Honor. No further questions." — Shane Wiigwaas
"I know how we can get out of here! Quick, this way!" — Thalita Lyra
"Another show's off and runnin',Dance with me, cuz there's a storm a commin'Follow my boots, try to keep up,Dance with me, until sun up." — Kate Denson's "Dance with Me"
"Take it from an old-timer: Slow down, don't rush and try not to worry so much! The best way to beat him is to know how he thinks." — Murf, The Lost Tapes
"We were walkin' through t'ginnel one night when a beer bottle flew past me, then another, and another.I thought to myself "Gonna 'ave some fun 'ere lads, let's get stuck in!".It were a right dust up, I swear down!" — David King
"The night had been one desperate situation after another." — Departure
"There is nothing to be scared of." — Laurie Strode
"I was raised by a strict man who taught me how to make the best of a bad situation." — Adam Francis
"When they come with a wrecking ball, build stronger walls." — Felix Richter
"Are you able to tell us where you were last night?" — Detective David Tapp
"There's what is easy and then there's what is right. If you confuse the two, there's no telling what you become." — Adam Francis
"Look at me. My name's Orela, and I'm gonna make sure you're all right." — Orela Rose
"Take the part. It's a good movie, he says. What's the worst that can happen?" — Nicolas Cage
"Don't worry about me. I've got a knack for bouncing back." — Orela Rose
"What is friend?" — Eleven
"You will not take me this day!" — Trevor
"Ha! Your secret has been revealed!" — Trevor
"The weak are sacrificed first. It's nature, it's business... it's the truth most refuse to face." — Yun-Jin Lee
"Just need to push myself a bit further." — Lara Croft
"Every problem has a solution. It’s only a question of complexity." — Kwon Tae-young
"I wanna finish what we started. I want to kill it." — Nancy Wheeler
"Get outta my face!" — Leon Scott Kennedy
"Catch ya on the flip-flop." — Ash Williams
"I’m sorry… I didn’t realize I was working so late." — Kwon Tae-young
"I have seen great cruelty... and I have also seen another way." — Vittorio Toscano
"We can write our own story and decide how it really ends." — Zarina Kassir
"C'mon, let's do this!" — Thalita Lyra
"Let's take it to the bridge!" — Vee Boonyasak
"Got to keep quiet. That thing is still out there." — Lara Croft
"People are remembered for the challenges they overcome. You can run away and forget what you're capable of or you can face your fears and remind the world of who you are." — Jane Romero
"Buckle up, fuckos! Let's roll." — Nikki, The Lost Tapes
"The death, the trauma, the fear... it all leads here. The Overlap." — Haddie Kaur, Ravages of the Abyss Episode 11
"All this time I've been trying so hard to pretend like everything's fine, but it's not." — Nancy Wheeler
"Remember your training. They taught you all about the crows." — Taurie Cain
"I call upon the spirits of the night, to aid us in our desperate flight!" — Sable
"Be kind to one another, We're all in this together" — Sujan, The Lost Tapes
"Some bullies, you can live with. Others, you gotta fight." — Michonne Grimes
"I'm not horse-shittin' around. I'm doing this alone!" — Bill Overbeck
"Walk it off, will you? We still have work to do." — Shane Wiigwaas
"Come on, cat." — Ellen Ripley
"Take it slow, he knows where you have been... just like I have always said:'live slow and die old'." — Dylan, The Lost Tapes
"U mad?" — Feng Min
"That's not enough to beat me.Not even close." — Yui Kimura
"You are my... lucky star..." — Ellen Ripley
"I didn't come here to be robot food!" — Gabriel Soma
"Evil has a bullseye on my back the size of Tiger Stadium." — Ash Williams
"Just... stay there... perfect!" — Baermar
"Never lose hope for a brighter tomorrow." — Trevor
"I lost it. Just lamped him one. They went and banned me didn't they. Went t'pub afterwards, had a few pints and moved on to the next chapter. I couldn't be mithered with it all anyway, you know what I mean? Can't be arsed." — David King
"Yeah, no shit.But I believe we can outsmart and overthrow him if we work together.Don't be predictable and selfish!" — Clyde, The Lost Tapes
"He was watching me!" — Laurie Strode
"Trust me, I investigate thoroughly and discreetly." — Zarina Kassir
"We are loud! We are heavy! WE ARE AXEKICK!" — Vee Boonyasak
"Paying attention is what kept me alive through the years. That, and my good looks of course." — Ace Visconti
"After careful analysis, we are getting the hell out of here!" — Jonah Vasquez
"The Ravage senses us. We need to work fast." — Haddie Kaur, Ravages of the Abyss Episode 9
"You have inherited the ability to hear the dead — and now the dead warn you of danger."
"Adrenaline, it is going to keep us awake. I stole it from one of the Nurse's carts." — Quentin Smith
"I think you'll find this shooting location... captivating." — Pauline Stamper
"The pioneers used to loot these babies for hours." — Aizeyu, The Lost Tapes
"Ok, stay calm. Don't overthink it and just keep moving forward: you got this." — Jane Romero
"When you look a layer deeper, you realise... everything is connected." — Vittorio Toscano
"I relied on others to protect me once and I lost everything. Never again." — Élodie Rakoto
"Show me what you can do!" — Dwight Fairfield
"They will never catch me!" — Meg Thomas
"We need not resort to violence. And I shall prove it." — Vittorio Toscano
"All right. You got this. 3... 2... 1... go!" — Orela Rose
"The news edit out what is burdensome and complex. which is the truth." — Zarina Kassir
"I'll never see what Haddie sees. But so long as I'm with her, I know I'm safe." — Jordan Rois, Ravages of the Abyss Episode 5
"It's my turn, bitch!" — Jill Valentine
"Remind me to teach you how to patch your own pedals, Krit." — Vee Boonyasak
"I'll stop this, lieutenant. I promise." — Leon Scott Kennedy
"It's amazing what people will throw away around here." — Gabriel Soma
"This is not in the script!" — Nicolas Cage
"Yeah, that's a no." — Steve Harrington
"Something I learnt in the industry: when the axe is swinging, keep your head down." — Yun-Jin Lee
"It's not your time yet. Now go on!" — Taurie Cain
"Nope." — Andy, The Lost Tapes
"I have dealt with psychopaths in suits. You're just uglier and worse dressed." — Yun-Jin Lee
"It was the boogeyman." — Laurie Strode
"Showing up when things get rough, listening to people's problems, and supporting those in need; that's how you become stronger, that's how you grow." — Jane Romero
"Well, then. Doesn't this feel familiar?" — Lara Croft
"There is a voice that doesn't use words. Listen.." — Sassy, The Lost Tapes
"See you if you can catch up..." — Meg Thomas
"I had you, I had you on your knees. You're runnin' scared because we had you. We're gonna close this case!" — Detective David Tapp
"Breathe in. Breathe out. Now open your eyes." — Baermar
"You are doing it wrong! Let me show you how it is done." — Nea Karlsson
"I'm getting out of here, if it's the last thing I do." — Sable
"I'm good, I'm good... but keep it down." — Renato Lyra
"How many times do I have to be right on the money before you guys just trust me?" — Dustin Henderson
"You good? Then keep up!" — Thalita Lyra
"I make my own rules." — Eleven
"Facing evil brings good people together." — Michonne Grimes
"They're fucking with the wrong people." — Rick Grimes
"I am gonna stealth this one." — Feng Min
"What the hell is this? I'm taking this bastard down!" — Detective David Tapp
"Nothing gets done around here if I don't do it." — Gabriel Soma
"Goddammit, I am seriously FUBAR!" — Bill Overbeck
"What can I say? I'm just a very lucky guy... I'm sure some of it will rub off on you." — Ace Visconti
"The paint is still fresh but I am long gone." — Nea Karlsson
"I am gonna be here when you wake up. You are gonna make it." — Quentin Smith
"Ok, look. If we survive the next 24 hours, then I'll take you out on a real date." — Quentin Smith
"It is not me. It is you. You are the monster." — Eleven
"Come on then, let's ave' it! I don't give a shit pal." — David King
"I haven't let anyone get in my way before. You think I'm gonna start now?" — Sable
"Nothing but the open road. Just the way I like it." — Shane Wiigwaas
"Rise and shine, work hard, carve out your name,Take aim, pull the trigger, hit the bulls eye for fame,Know the value of faith, an' family, and don't you complain,Open wide, your windows of opportunity" — Kate Denson's "Windows of Opportunity"
"Yellow light's for my eyes only." — Dallas
"Go on. Run. Tell your friends I'm coming for them." — Portia Maye
"I just can't take no pleasure in killing. There's just some things you gotta do. Don't mean you have to like it." — Drayton Sawyer
"Surprise! Did you miss me, Andy?" — Chucky
"Attack an enemy with precision and their allies will feel it." — Renjiro's Doctrine 6:3
"This is my world. And you can't ever leave." — Freddy Krueger
"It shall be known across the land that the Gods curse the unfaithful." — (The Tablet of Adiris, 3.7)
"The specimen seems to be able to affect the state of nearby objects, as if they existed in some other form within a dimension alternate to our own." — Hawkins National Laboratory
"Run all you want. I will not be denied." — Vecna
"And terror shall take hold of a defiant non-believer, who shall falsely announce my arrival." — (The Tablet of Adiris, 48.9)
"Stay in the light, my children. In darkness, your fear will expose you." — Otto Stamper
"I've seen the look on a man's face when he realises he's going to die." — Caleb Quinn
"Nobody escapes us." — Pinhead
"Smartasses get killed. We always see to that." — The Legion
"The Garden shall be a place of perfect Joy; through Joy, nothing shall stand in our way." — Otto Stamper
"Tragic, is it not? How powerless you must feel." — Dracula
"Such potential in this compound... even the slightest trace causes unnatural effects." — Journal of Talbot Grimes
"This isn't a man..." — Dr Sam Loomis
"It can use weapons?" — Jill Valentine
"Now why don't you just fucking die?" — Freddy Krueger
"THE ORGANIC MIND'S CAPACITY FOR EMPATHY GOES BEYOND HINDRANCE!" — HUX-A7-13
"You tried to devour me so you have no room to complain if I eat you, do you?" — Ken Kaneki
"Sally, I hear something. Stop! Stop!" — Franklin Hardesty
"I got some fresh meat lined up, and I'm not gonna let you spoil it, not this time!" — Chucky
"You have no idea what I have planned for you. It'll be in the news for weeks. I'll make sure of that." — The Ghost Face
"This one might actually be a challenge..." — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
"Sometimes a man's best work is what puts him in the grave." — The Prison Warden
"THE ORGANIC BODY IS SO LIMITED!" — HUX-A7-13
"Are we nothing but prisoners to our sorrow?" — Carmina Mora
"There will be no redemption for you." — Springtrap
"You only think you are in control..." — Springtrap
"It would be no leap of the imagination to suggest that the Trials are a biological response of sorts." — Journal of Talbot Grimes
"You have no control. People like you never did." — Ji-Woon Hak
"I shall make an example of one. These mewling worms will never know peace." — Tarhos Kovács
"You... let us in. And now, you are going to have to let us stay" — Henry Creel
"All of the liabilities of this world are due to the inadequacies of the person involved." — Ken Kaneki
"From salvation's ruin, be warned/death comes from all around." — Giovanni Serrata's "Fog Hill"
"Though a pentimento is an inherently concealed piece of art, there is something to be said of the desire to discover that which is beyond." — A Guide to Art & Process (1961)
"We came. Now you must come with us. Taste our pleasure." — Pinhead
"Bloody fool, you pulled the trigger on yourself." — Caleb Quinn
"There was a scream from the forest. Like someone was attacking her." — Mount Ormond Missing Person Report
"From now on, no more Mr Good Guy." — Chucky
"So toil, mortal, toil! Your effort will be for naught!" — Dracula
"You have made a grave mistake, standing in opposition to me this day." — Tarhos Kovács
"Come running, one and all, and see what fortune awaits you." — Dracula
"Sorry I got a little jumpy there. Didn't know quite what to expect." — Robert Kendo
"There is no need to worry. I've been preparing my whole life for this." — The Ghost Face
"Horror overcomes the heart of infidels who cry at the feet of the fallen." — (Hymn of Praise, 11.4)
"This is no place for cowards." — The Legion
"Oh, that gun's no good. The old way... with a sledge! You see, that way's better. They die better that way." — Nubbins Sawyer
"Submit to me. It is inevitable." — Vecna
"...it knows what it wants and won't stop till it gets it." — Carlos Oliveira
"Good. Now we can move in for the kill." — Adriana Imai
"These monsters... they adapt! They emerge with strange new abilities." — Vigo, Vigo's Journal
"YOU WILL HOLD NO DOMINION OVER ME!" — HUX-A7-13
"There's no getting out of this now. We're too good at it." — The Legion
"You'd be surprised what tools can save a life." — Amanda Young
"The specimen's apparent telepathic ability can evoke feelings of dread and fatigue in nearby individuals." — Hawkins National Laboratory
"It's time for your treatment!" — Herman Carter, The Doctor
"Only a fool would spit in a demon's face and declare victory." — Renjiro's Doctrine 4:9
"Fire another broadside! Don't stop until the sea takes them!" — Portia Maye
"That sound when you bleed... let me hear it again." — Ji-Woon Hak
"I'm not wrong. What's wrong is this messed-up world!" — Ken Kaneki
"Out with you, cowards! Show yourselves!" — Tarhos Kovács
"Damn them as they would damn us." — Charlotte Deshayes
"It is a trap, But a trap one must step in..." — Herman Carter
"Excellent. Your screams please me." — Springtrap
"You've fooled them, haven't you Michael? But not me." — Dr Sam Loomis
"Never stop moving and hope you're always two steps ahead of the beast." — Unknown, Notebook
"Signs of a pursuit led deep into the woods where the victim's body was found." — Port Henly Herald
"Catch it, put it in the airlock, get rid of it." — Dallas
"Weeping Ginevra's blood streams/The devil smells the weak." — Fabbro Barone's "Ginevra"
"You don't remember? You must. You're my number one, and you'll never wake up again." — Freddy Krueger
"Death has come to your little town, Sheriff." — Dr Sam Loomis
"We will tear your soul apart." — Pinhead
"No excuses, no equivocations... No crying." — Amanda Young
"Drop anchor! I will chart us a new course." — Portia Maye
"The pain spills beyond flesh/darkness staining the horizon." — Girl in the Shadow by Carmina Mora
"You are a prisoner here, just like me" — Henry Creel
"Do not admit to fear, or pain, or doubt. These are the seeds from which darkness grows." — Otto Stamper
"Nothing is permanent here. Nothing except our endless perdition." — Unknown, Notebook
"Did you see him or not? I can't put out an APB for a bad feeling." — Sgt. Reyes, Greenville Police
"Enjoy this moment, few get so close." — Ji-Woon Hak
"The creature appears to have some unknown influence over electricity and nearby electronics." — Hawkins National Laboratory
"Are you gonna behave?" — Amanda Young
"All those who stood in her path feared her mighty THWACK!" — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
"The night assists me and it's endless here." — The Ghost Face
"The Hillbilly makes impressive tools out of scraps. Tools aimed at maiming us in creative ways." — Notebook
"Nothing will happen to you... Nothing that you don't deserve!" — Henry Creel
"I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies." — Ash
"I heard it. Running. It was getting closer!" — Anonymous Testimony, 09/09/1979
"Erratic behavior in machinery could be related to [REDACTED], further testing required." — OSS Report, 12/02/1943
"Mom, if you find this, I'm sorry..." — Final Journal Entry, 07/12/1991
"A drop does not satiate/when a river is needed." — Elliot Campbell's "Grandeur of Samuel"
"No number of novelties will protect you from me!" — Vecna
"It is unclear as to the motivations of The Fog, but it is undeniable that it often takes the beast's side." — Unknown, Notebook
"Within your enemy's strength is weakness." — Renjiro's Doctrine 12:5
